{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh14580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ri-11635\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 SCNO\

\fs24 Introduction \
This is a national organization [CONFIRM] of which there is a branch in Georgia Tech. Our purpose is to help local non-profits in any manner we can and by doing so also gain experience in the field of consulting through the organization as well as by meeting with like minded individuals. During my time in this organization, I have been able to serve on two teams tasked with helping two different local non-profits. \
\
\
The Project/My Role\
\
\
\
\ul Client #1: City of Refuge: Atlanta\ulnone \
City of Refuge is a local homeless shelter in Atlanta that is well known for being well organized and well managed. On the team serving this client, my role was a Business Analyst. Our goal was to create a donor analysis report and provide suggestions for them to increase donor retention as a whole. They provided us with a history of donations they received including the amount and the donor\'92s name if it was not anonymous.  This data was in the form of around 15,000 different data points. I was the primary data analyst for this set of data and tasked with essentially identifing useful trends with this unsorted data set. I found several useful factors through these data points such as the time ranges in which different entities would frequent higher amounts of donations. In addition, one other trend we identified was the stock price of the company in relation to if they donated during that time period. There were also a couple other factors that we were able to realize through the data. Another aspect in which we wanted to service the client was by looking at their current website, donations options and other factors, etc. We realized that their website was rather outdated and did not have an option for a reoccurring subscription plan. This is something that we recommend and was implemented soon after. Once we finished our analysis, we prepared a final report to present to both the members of this organization as well as our contact within City of Refuge. [INSERT (recommendations?)]\
\
\ul \ulc0 Client #2: Community Assistance Center\ulnone \
Once the previous project had been finished, I got the chance to work alongside fellow organization members to help the Community Assistance Center. On this team my role was a Senior Business Analyst. The Community Assistance Center or CAC in short is essentially a food pantry that picks 300 local individuals every year and helps them recover from some form of accident or incident that renders them unable to provide for their family. They help by giving the family a certain amount of allotted food throughout the year at regular time intervals. Our main objective was to decrease the food waste and increase the efficiency of the center as a whole. Unlike the previous project, we got the chance to visit the Center while they were in operation. During this visit, we got to see in person the food intake process (food that was donated), the methods of storage and how the food is transferred from storage and into the actual pantry where the person visiting the center can pick it up. We identified 2 [CONFIRM] main avenues in which we could improve the efficiency of the center and decrease food waste. Currently, they manually log the total pounds of food received into several binders and then manually transfer this information to an online database at a later time. The staff mentioned that this was a rather tedious process so we decided to migrate this process of logging information to an online spreadsheet so they can just export it to the databases that they are required to fill out for tax purposes. The second area of opportunity was rearranging the layout of where they actually give out the food. Currently it is in the form of a grocery store with different sections. However, certain items depending on when they would spoil do not count towards the weight allotment each client has. Essentially they are allowed to take as much of these items as they would like and these items are constantly fluctuating and changing during the day. Currently, these \'93free weight items\'94 are stated on a single whiteboard. As a result, it is not easy for the person at the checkout area as well as the customers to know which items are free weight and thus there is confusion and food waste. We propose that by putting these items all in one area within eyesight of the person in the checkout area, there would be much less confusion for all involved parties. We have communicated our suggestions with our contact at the Community Assistance Center and we are currently in the process of implementing them. [CONFIRM]\
\
\
\
\
Long Term Outcomes \
From the first project, I got the chance to use my newly learned MATLAB skills and saw the project from a new perspective through exposure to more experienced members on my team. While I was working on this project, I was taking a MATLAB class so I was able to use my MATLAB skills for data analysis. This was just a great feeling overall because never before had a class really immediately been of practical use in the real world. Going into this project, I was very focused on solely the data points and how best we could utilize them to help our client. However, through the guidance of more experienced members from my team, I realized that other aspects like the clients websites and how they interact with companies would be of equal importance. \
From the second project, I got the chance to improve my abilities in analyzing a currently operating process and figuring out the best ways in making it more efficient with minimal energy at minimal costs. This is something that is very important for any engineer to be good at since it is something that is often required of for things that exist in the world. Everything can be made more efficient and will continue to be made so. }