{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2266\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx15325\ri-6938\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 CubeSat\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2266\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx15325\ri-6938\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Introduction \
This was a program that was introduced to my highschool during my sophomore year. After getting through an interview process, a team of 10 others and I were selected from my school. We got the opportunity to work on the power related components of a CubeSat, a nanosatellite that was 10 inches long on each face [CONFIRM]. The plan was to put this CubeSat together and launch it as payload on a larger rocket. There were a few schools involved in this project from my school district and each school had a different role. We had three main mentors throughout the production of these three cubebsats. Ibeth Jaime, the Java teacher at our highschool, [CONFIRM] served as our team lead alongside Commander Ronnie Nader from the Ecuadorian Space Agency who provided the technical expertise that we lacked in the early stages of our project. Finally, Brent Freeze served as the lead for the whole project and was the liaison between the various different teams working on this project.  \
\
The Project/My Role\
\
NEED TO TALK ABOUT ACTUAL PAYLOADS\
\
\
\ul Irvine 01\
\ulnone This was the first CubeSat that we worked on and as a result we didn\'92t actually carry any payload into space. Rather, our objective with this educational CubeSat was to learn the process of putting one of these CubeSats together. My team was in charge of testing the solar panels, the battery, ensuring that the spacecraft was power budget positive [CONFIRM (is this the right term?)] and several other tasks related to the power of the spacecraft. Since I was a relatively less experienced member on the team, my main role was to ensure that the power budget of the CubeSat was operational. This meant that I had to contact the various different teams to check how much power their components would draw and for how much of the orbit cycle their component would actually be on and drawing power. This was rather tedious because I was often only given ranges or estimates since certain things were not set in stone yet. However, an important lesson I learned through this is to always consider the worst case possible in all scenarios just to be on the cautious side as emphasized by our mentor Cdr. Nader. The original plan was to launch this CubeSat into space in 2018 [CONFIRM] and this would have made us the first highschool team to have successfully launched a CubeSat into space however due to significant delays, we were unable to launch it into space until [INSERT] on the \'93It\'92s Business Time\'94 Rocket by Electron. [CONFIRM]. Post launch, we were unable to locate this CubeSat. [CONFIRM] We determined that the most likely cause of this was [INSERT]\
[INSERT (media clip?)]\ul \
\ulnone \
\
\ul \ulc0 Irvine 02\
\ulnone By the time we started this project, I had learned a lot more about this area of work and thus took on more responsibility. In addition, many of the seniors had left and this left a few veterans but most members of the team were new members who did not have any previous experience with the work we were doing. A lot of the logistics for this second CubeSat was very similar to the first one we had worked on but we were carrying a [INSERT] Camera as our payload to hopefully take photos and relay this information back to our ground station. In addition, we planned on applying to for an ELaNa [INSERT] funded by NASA however in order to do this we would need to attend a design review in which we got feedback from industry professional about our proposal. So once we put together a proposal which basically explained the different aspects of our mission and the work all our teams would be doing, we attended this Design Review held by [INSERT] from JPL and by [INSERT] from NASA. For this design review, I served in a runner up capacity for the presenters of our team. Once we had received the RFAs (requests for action) [CONFIRM] on our proposal, we made the necessary changes, submitted our ELaNa application and proceeded to complete the required testing.  Later on in the year, we were notified that we were accepted into the ELaNa Launch program and given certain deadlines to meet. Unfortunately due to a lack of proper documentation, we did not have the procedures and experiments we ran on the first CubeSat so we had to start basically from scratch with what we knew and with the help of our mentor Cdr. Nader. This time around, I was in charge of not only the power budget but also served as the DSA team lead. This meant that my sub-team and I would be responsible for all aspects of the DSAs such as ensuring that the solar cells successfully charged the battery, that the panels would release and deploy within the allotted time, etc. I did not want to repeat the mistakes of the past so this time around, I ensured that we wrote testing protocols and documented the experiments that we did run so that they could be referenced in the future. This was much more tedious because it meant that it would slow us down, but my team and I through our past mistakes recognized the importance of this and ensured to do so. Since we had previously done this testing, it was not difficult to carry out and Irvine02 was flight ready by the time my class graduated. It launched 2 months after Irvine01 [CONFIRM] on the Falcon X [CONFIRM] and we became the first highschool team to launch two CubeSats in one year. Post launch, we were able to communicate with this nano-satellite. \ul \
\
\
\
Irvine 03\ulnone \
For Irvine03, my team and I mostly worked on creating the plans and proposals for what we wished to do with this CubeSat. Due to a restrictive timeline, we were forced to do it alongside the testing we conducted for Irvine02. Irvine03\'92s payload was a laser with which we planned to use to communicate [CONFIRM]. My main focus during this stage for Irvine03 was perfecting the power budget and ensuring that using our payload intermittently would not render the power budget negative [CONFIRM]. Like Irvine02, we were planning to apply for the ELaNa Launch so we needed to complete our proposal before our scheduled design review that way we could receive the necessary feedback and then apply for the Launch within the deadline. This time, I was in charge of presenting the power budget and shields on the CubeSat during the design review to the judges from [INSERT]. Like we had done in the past, we received the RFAs and proceeded to improve our proposal before we submitted our application for the ELaNa launch. It was around this point in which my class graduated highschool so we left the actual hardware testing for Irvine03 up to the veteran members of the CubeSat team who would not be graduating. \
\
\
\
What I Gained\
This program was one of the earliest things that exposed me to industry level work. We got to work with top of the line individuals in their respective fields while getting the chance to build these CubeSats with top notch equipment supplied by industry leaders. I learnt a lot in terms of how long term projects such as this one are done at an industry level. This was further emphasized because of how large of an effort this was among so many different individuals across the different schools. In addition, I really improved my leadership skills while attempting to unite my team with this project especially during a time in which many of them were struggling with school work and the other academic struggles highschool students endure such as AP class, SATs and college applications. Overall this opportunity was a great one because I got the chance to work on such a cool project with a great group of individuals with whom I have made great friendships with. \
}