{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red29\green29\blue29;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c14902\c14902\c14902;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\vieww37900\viewh21300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Work/Volunteering\
Tutoring\
\
\

\fs28 Secretary and Founding Board Member of Road to Success  (2016-2018)\
Due to the success of the tutor center, our advisor recommended that we start a club in which we held mandatory meetings for all tutors to attend. We essentially held lectures and taught methods to improve the effectiveness of the tutors we had on campus. We found that this generally made the Tutor Center better as a whole. My role in this club was as secretary \
\
Independent Tutor  (2018)\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
During my senior year and summer after, I tutored neighborhood kids ranging from 6th Grade to Freshman in High School for Math & Spanish.
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Irvine Unified School District Tutor (2016-2018)\
I initially was a permanent tutor for a pre-algebra class at my highschool. I mainly helped the teacher and students in anyway possible to help facilitate their education. 
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
After that year of staying in the classroom and helping kids only in that classroom, I moved onto tutoring at the tutor center. This was a drop-in form of tutoring held after school everyday (except Friday). At this position, I tutored for Math: Pre-Algebra through Calc BC / Science: AP Bio, AP Physics, Lower Level Science / Computer Science: AP Computer Science (JAVA). I tutored at the tutor center during my Junior & Senior year. As part of becoming a tutor at my school district (Irvine Unified School District), I had to complete a mandated tutoring program to learn how to tutor properly. This google drive link leads you to a folder with all my required submissions to pass the program and become a certified tutor (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B3_44RqQ0y2zdVlQd1VHUWJ5UDA?usp=sharing). [INSERT HYPERLINK]
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Tustin Unified School District Math Tutor (2015)\
I along with a several of my peers from highschool helped out TUSD when they needed volunteers to help tutor 6th graders because of a lack of funds. We meet with the 6th grade classes twice a week and just helped them with their math homework and answered any questions. 
\fs36 \
\
\
Georgia Tech Athletic Hospitality\

\fs28 \
Suite Attendant (2019) \
During the football season, I worked in the suites section of the stadium. I was in charge of prepping the suites before the game, ensuring that suite holders were satisfied with their experience during the game and then cleaning the suites after the game. I was essentially the first person the suite holders would go to if they needed anything at any point during their experience.\

\fs36 \
\
Done - Students Consulting for Non-Profit Organizations
\fs28 \

\fs36 \
HOAG Hospital\

\fs28 Junior Auxiliary Volunteer (2016-2018) \
I served at the HOAG hospital located in Irvine. My main position was at the front desk located at the main entrance. I usually helped a staff member who would already be stationed there with any tasks that they needed help with. In addition, at times I would be alone at the desk and also allow them to take their lunch break while I watch the entrance to the hospital. My duties at this position ranged from prepping the required forms new visitors would have to sign to directing individuals either to the specific doctor they wished to visit or to escort them to the emergency room. 
\fs36 \
\
\
AYSO \

\fs28 AYSO Youth Referee (INSERT YEARS)\
After attending referee training and passing the test, I refereed local age U9-U12 games during the weekends. I was mainly a side-line referee for most of the games I helped out during. I was one of the three referees that were minors in this region. \

\fs36 \
Irvine Youth Soccer League Summer Camp \

\fs28 Camp Coach (2017 & 2019)\
Coached a group of around 10 individuals throughout the summer and coached them during the summer seasons. Designed and executed training exercises, scrimmages and other fun games for the kids I coached.  \

\fs36 \
\

\fs24 My Position \
My Responsibilities/Duties\
Long Term Outcomes \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Describe the skills/experiences you have that will contribute to your success as a tutor
\f3\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Firstly, I am a responsible and honest individual. This is something important for every tutor to be because they are in a position in which they are influencing the education of other students on campus. In addition, I am good at visualizing problems and solving it in a logical way. One of the other good qualities that I have developed over my life is also explaining a concept in a good manner. I have developed the skills required to be a tutor by tutoring for nearly over 4 years. Below I shall explain my previous experiences with tutoring. 
\f3\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 I started tutoring Freshman year in highschool. Initially, I was tutoring elementary kids in 6th grade for their math class. This was because the nearby school district was having trouble hiring tutors because of a lack of funding so this was a volunteering position. This was one of the initial serious introductions I had to tutoring. From this, I moved on to tutoring high school kids during sophomore year by sitting in on a Math 1 (Pre-Algebra) class and helping the teacher with the lesson plan and any individuals who needed help during class. This was a much different experience because these students were much closer to my age and I found that many of them were very unmotivated to actually learn. This is a challenge that I would face for the majority of my tutoring experience in high school. I learned that I had to frame everything so that the student would be enticed to learn the content. After that year of staying in the classroom and helping kids only in that classroom, I moved onto tutoring at the tutor center. This was a drop-in form of tutoring held after school everyday (except Friday). At this position, I tutored for Math: Pre-Algebra through Calc BC / Science: AP Bio, AP Physics, Lower Level Science / Computer Science: AP Computer Science (JAVA). I tutored at the tutor center during my Junior & Senior year. During my senior year and summer after, I tutored neighborhood kids ranging from 6th Grade to Freshman in High School for Math & Spanish. In conclusion, I have gained a lot of tutoring experience and perfected my tutoring style. To discuss more about my teaching style, it is based on asking leading questions and really ensuring that the student understands the fundamental concepts behind each question rather than just memorizing how to solve a specific type of problem. 
\f3\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 	As part of becoming a tutor at my school district (Irvine Unified School District), I had to complete a mandated tutoring program to learn how to tutor properly. This google drive link leads you to a folder with all my required submissions to pass the program and become a certified tutor 
\f3\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B3_44RqQ0y2zdVlQd1VHUWJ5UDA?usp=sharing) .
\f3\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 	In addition, I was a co-founder of Road to Success (a club at my high school). Due to the success of the tutor center, our advisor recommended that we start a club in which we held mandatory meetings for all tutors to attend. We essentially held lectures and taught methods to improve the effectiveness of the tutors we had on campus. We found that this generally made the Tutor Center better as a whole.
\f3\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Overall, I think that I am qualified enough to be a proficient tutor and that over time I can have a positive impact on the student body if given the chance. \'c2\'a0
\f3\fs24 \
}