{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx15039\ri-6471\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thermal Distillation vs Reverse Osmosis \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ri-6471\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Introduction \
This was a science project that I worked on during my sophomore year in highschool. It was during this time period that the drought in California was reaching new lengths and thus I wanted to dedicate some time into researching it and the underlying solutions. \
\
My Research \
My investigative question for this project was [INSERT]. I focused mostly on the researching aspect of this project rather than attempting to answer my question from a hands on experiment simply because this was the more feasible method. I used public data for the cost of the process of reverse osmosis and thermal distillation. I tried two experiments, one for each of the processes of water desalination. However my experiments were not the best designed experiments since I did not have the necessary expensive equipment required to actually simulate these processes. My experiments essentially consisted of a model that mimicked how the process would run but due to a lack of the needed equipments the models had several inconsistencies in that they were meant to represent. I did find that although my experiments may have been flawed, they agreed with the theoretical numbers I had arrived at with the research I had conducted. I found that in the short run thermal distillation is more cost effective. However in the long run, reverse osmosis is one of the better alternatives to switch to especially since the technology and science behind the process is constantly being improved as research into these membranes and filters advances in industry. I presented my work at the Irvine Unified School District Science and advanced to the next level of competition. At the Orange County Science fair, I proceeded to get 
\f1\i Honorable Mentions
\f0\i0  and also a 
\f1\i Gold Award
\f0\i0  from the Orange County Water District (w/ a $500 award) for my research.    \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri-6471\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ri-6471\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What I Gained\
This project was merely out of self interest in this topic as it was the center of a problem that I encountered on a day to day basis. I learned a lot about the state of water desalination through this project and even was interested when I realized that a new reverse osmosis plant was being set up in San Diego [CONFIRM] but suffered from rather high operational costs and sporadic delays. Overall, this project sated my curiosity on this topic and I look forward to seeing how efficient we can truly make the reverse osmosis process. }