{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh14580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx17643\ri-9652\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 UCSD Summer Research \
\

\fs24 Introduction \
This was a summer research opportunity where a friend and I got the chance to conduct research using UCSD lab facilities. Under the guidance of Dr. Siegel, we conducted attempted to analyze the base components of native and non-native plants of the La Jolla area. We then presented our findings to the rest of the members of the program as well other faculty members who wished to be present. \
\
Our Research \
We initially visited Scripts Costal Reserve to collect plants which we could use to run tests. We collected two plants: a Lemonade Berry, a native plant used often as a beverage sweetener, and a Crystalline Ice Plant, a non-native plant with no recorded uses.  The main test we ran on these different plants was Thin Layer Chromatography using a 70/30 Acetone/Hexane mix. We ran the tests with spinach and sunscreen first to gather test points but also as practice for when we actually ran TLC on the plants we collected. We found that [INSERT]. After we had finished our research we create a poster [shown below], which we then presented to our fellow peers. \
\
\
What I Gained\
This experience was one of the earliest memories I have of being introduced into a college level lab and being given the independence to run whatever test we thought would be best based on the given materials. In addition, it allowed me to visit UCSD very early on and get an introduction into the college atmosphere. Overall, it was an interesting experience and only because of my exposure to this field early on did I have time to achieve a Biotechnology Lab Assistant Certification while still enrolled in highschool. \
\
\
}